Finish plant search (#526)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/tests/protocols/plant_search.md

# Test Protocol Template

> This is the raw template for executing a manual test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|           |                                                                      |                                                                | 4. Push the search icon in the lower right menu. |                                                                                                              |               |             |                                                                                                      |
|           |                                                                      |                                                                | 5. Write "fichte" into the search field.         |                                                                                                              |               |             |                                                                                                      |

# Errors
N/A

## Closing remarks
Some requirements from the use case have not yet been implemented in preparation for a future university course.

> Followup issues were recorded and a note has been left in the use case document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow-up issues were recorded and a note has been left in the use case document.
```
